[app-integrity] add documentation for app integrity and `isSupported` on iOS (#38795)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/app-integrity.mdx

---
title: App Integrity
description: A library that provides access to Google's Play Integrity API on Android and Apple's App Attest service on iOS.
sourceCodeUrl: 'https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/main/packages/expo-app-integrity'

> packageName: '@expo/app-integrity'

Reviewer: should we name it `expo-app-integrity`? we tend to use this convention for expo packages currently. we used `@expo/ui` primarily because npm wouldn't let us register `expo-ui`

It does this by using the platform-recommended app attestation services.

## Installation

<APIInstallSection />

## Usage on Android

`@expo/app-integrity` uses Play Integrity's [Standard request flow](https://developer.android.com/google/play/integrity/standard) for integrity checks.

### Configuration

Refer to the [Play Integrity setup guide](https://developer.android.com/google/play/integrity/setup#set-integrity-responses) for instructions to enable integrity APIs in your app.

### Prepare the integrity token provider (one time)

You need to prepare the integrity token provider before you make integrity check requests. You can do this when your app launches or in the background before the integrity check is needed.

```js
import * as AppIntegrity from '@expo/app-integrity';

const cloudProjectNumber = 'your-cloud-project-number';
await AppIntegrity.prepareIntegrityTokenProvider(cloudProjectNumber);
```

### Request an integrity token (on demand)

Whenever your app makes a server request that you want to check is genuine, you request an integrity token and send it to your app's backend server for decryption and verification. Then, your backend server can determine how to act.

> ```js 

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```js
````

Extra space

---
title: App Integrity

> description: A library that provides access to Apple's App Attest service on iOS and Google's Play Integrity API on Android.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: A library that provides access to Google's Play Integrity API on Android and Apple's App Attest service on iOS.
```

Let's correct the platform order: https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#platform-order-when-referencing-android-ios-and-web-or-multiple-platforms.

sourceCodeUrl: 'https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/main/packages/expo-app-integrity'
packageName: '@expo/app-integrity'

> platforms: ['ios', 'android']

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
platforms: ['android', 'ios']
```

> iconUrl: '/static/images/packages/expo-maps.png'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Let's remove this icon since it is from Expo Maps.

isAlpha: true
---

import APISection from '~/components/plugins/APISection';
import { APIInstallSection } from '~/components/plugins/InstallSection';
import { Collapsible } from '~/ui/components/Collapsible';
import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';
import { CODE } from '~/ui/components/Text';

> import { ConfigReactNative } from '~/ui/components/ConfigSection';

Reviewer 2: Please fix these lint warnings.

> `@expo/app-integrity` provides APIs to help ensure your backend resources are accessed only by legitimate installations of your app running on genuine devices. It uses Apple's [App Attest service](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicecheck/establishing-your-app-s-integrity) on iOS and Google's [Play Integrity APIs](https://developer.android.com/google/play/integrity) on Android to verify app authenticity, helping prevent unauthorized clients, modified apps, or automated scripts from making requests to your server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`@expo/app-integrity` provides APIs to help ensure your backend resources are accessed only by legitimate installations of your app running on genuine devices. It uses Google's [Play Integrity APIs](https://developer.android.com/google/play/integrity) on Android and Apple's [App Attest service](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicecheck/establishing-your-app-s-integrity) on iOS to verify app authenticity, helping prevent unauthorized clients, modified apps, or automated scripts from making requests to your server.
```

> In simple terms, `@expo/app-integrity` helps your server tell the difference between:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generally, `@expo/app-integrity` helps your server tell the difference between:
```

> - Your **real app** running on a **real device**, and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Your **real app** running on a **real device**
```

> - Anything else (modified apps, scripts, emulators).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Anything else (modified apps, scripts, emulators)
```

It does this by using the platform-recommended app attestation services.

## Installation

<APIInstallSection />

> ## Usage on iOS

Reviewer 2: Let's move the entire Usage on iOS section after Android as per the platform order stated in our writing style guide.

### Configuration

In Xcode, go to **Signing & Capabilities**, click **+ Capability**, add **App Attest**. Xcode will automatically add the required entitlement to your app.

> > **Note** To use the App Attest service, your app must have an App ID that you register on the Apple Developer website.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note**: To use the App Attest service, your app must have an App ID that you register on the Apple Developer website.
```

For verification logic on your server, see [Validating apps that connect to your server](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicecheck/validating-apps-that-connect-to-your-server).

### Check if the device supports App Attestation

> Not all devices can use the App Attest service, so it’s important to have your app run a compatibility check before accessing the service. If the user’s app doesn’t pass the compatibility check, gracefully bypass the service. You check for availability by reading the `isSupported` property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Not all devices can use the App Attest service, so it's important to have your app run a compatibility check before accessing the service. If the user's app doesn't pass the compatibility check, gracefully bypass the service. You can check for availability by reading the `isSupported` property.
```

We don't use curly apostrophes in docs, and instead we use `'`

```js
import * as AppIntegrity from '@expo/app-integrity';

if (AppIntegrity.isSupported) {
  // Perform key generation and attestation.
}
// Continue with your server API access.
```

> > **Note** App Attest is not supported on simulator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note** App Attest is not supported on iOS Simulator.
```

Let's provide complete context.

> > **important**  Most app extensions don’t support App Attest. Generally, when executing code in these extensions, bypass key generation and attestation, even if the `isSupported` method property is `true`. The only app extensions that support App Attest are watchOS extensions in watchOS 9 or later. For these extensions, you can use the results from `isSupported` to indicate whether your WatchKit extension bypasses attestation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **info**  Most app extensions don’t support App Attest. Generally, when executing code in these extensions, bypass key generation and attestation, even if the `isSupported` method property is `true`. The only app extensions that support App Attest are watchOS extensions in watchOS 9 or later. For these extensions, you can use the results from `isSupported` to indicate whether your WatchKit extension bypasses attestation.
```

Let's change the callout type to info instead of important since we use important mostly for experimental features.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### Create a key pair

For each user account on each device running your app, generate a unique, hardware-based, cryptographic key pair by calling the `generateKey` method.

```js
const keyId = await AppIntegrity.generateKey()
```

> On success, the method returns a key identifier (`keyId`) that you use later to access the key. Record the identifier in persistent storage because there’s no way to use the key without the identifier, and no way to get the identifier later. The device automatically stores the associated private key in the Secure Enclave, from where the App Attest service can use it to create signatures, but from where no process can ever directly read or modify it, ensuring its security.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On success, the method returns a key identifier (`keyId`) that you use later to access the key. Record the identifier in persistent storage because there's no way to use the key without the identifier and no way to get the identifier later. The device automatically stores the associated private key in the Secure Enclave, from where the App Attest service can use it to create signatures, but from where no process can ever directly read or modify it, ensuring its security.
```

> > **Important** If you create a key pair in an App Clip, use the same key pair in the corresponding app. To support this, be sure to store the identifier in a shared container accessible from your full app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **info** If you create a key pair in an App Clip, use the same key pair in the corresponding app. To support this, be sure to store the identifier in a shared container accessible from your full app.
```

> Don’t reuse a key among multiple users on a device because this weakens security protections. In particular, it becomes hard to detect an attack that uses a single compromised device to serve multiple remote users running a compromised version of your app. For more information, see [Assessing fraud risk](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicecheck/assessing-fraud-risk).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Don't reuse a key among multiple users on a device because this weakens security protections. In particular, it becomes hard to detect an attack that uses a single compromised device to serve multiple remote users running a compromised version of your app. For more information, see [Assessing fraud risk](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicecheck/assessing-fraud-risk).
```

### Get a challenge from your server

> Request a unique, one-time challenge from your server. This challenge will be embedded in the attestation step below, ensuring it can’t be reused by an attacker. The challenge should be at least 16 bytes in length to ensure sufficient entropy to ensure guessing them is infeasible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Request a unique, one-time challenge from your server. This challenge will be embedded in the attestation step below, ensuring it can't be reused by an attacker. The challenge should be at least 16 bytes long to provide enough entropy so that guessing it is infeasible.
```

Let's improve the readability of the last sentence.

### Certify the key pairs as valid

Pass the `keyId` alongwith the challenge from your server created in the previous steps in `attestKey` method as shown below:

```js

> const attestationObject = await AppIntegrity.attestKey(keyId, challenge)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const attestationObject = await AppIntegrity.attestKey(keyId, challenge);
```

```
On success, send the received `attestationObject` and the `keyId` to your server for verification.

If the method returns Service unavailable error, try attestation again later with the same key. For any other error, discard the key identifier and create a new key when you want to try again.

> > **Important** If your app already has millions of daily active users and you want to start calling the `attestKey` method to initiate attestation from your app, please review [Preparing to use the app attest service](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/DeviceCheck/preparing-to-use-the-app-attest-service) for guidance on safely ramping your users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **info** If your app already has millions of daily active users and you want to start calling the `attestKey` method to initiate attestation from your app, review the [Preparing to use the app attest service](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/DeviceCheck/preparing-to-use-the-app-attest-service) for guidance on safely ramping your users.
```

Let's avoid using words like "please". We need to be informative and instructive through docs.

> Your server deems the app instance to be valid if it can successfully verify the attestation object. In this case, be sure to persistently store the key identifier — not the attestation object — in your app for future use in signing server requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your server deems the app instance to be valid if it can successfully verify the attestation object. In this case, be sure to persistently store the key identifier &mdash; not the attestation object &mdash; in your app to sign server requests in the future.
```

>   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### Generate assertions on sensitive requests

> After successfully verifying a key’s attestation, your server can require the app to assert its legitimacy for any or all future server requests. The app does this by signing the request. In the app, first obtain a unique, one-time challenge from the server. You use a challenge here, like for attestation, to avoid replay attacks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After successfully verifying a key's attestation, your server can require the app to assert its legitimacy for any or all future server requests. The app does this by signing the request. In the app, obtain a unique, one-time challenge from the server. You use a challenge here, like for attestation, to avoid replay attacks.
```
